---
lang-switch: /it/hulk
---
## Birth
Hulk first appears in 1962 in "The Incredible Hulk", a comic book published by Marvel Comics. He was born in a particular historical period, as during these years the United States was threatened by possible nuclear attacks.<br/>
The protagonist of the comic book is Dr. Robert Bruce Banner, commonly known as Bruce Banner, a nuclear physicist and chemist.<br/>
The comic version of the Hulk was born when Banner, during an experiment on an atomic device, finds himself accidentally exposed to an excessive amount of gamma rays in order to save Rick Jones, a boy who had trespassed the experiment's territory.<br/>
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, however, Bruce Banner becomes the Hulk as a result of some experiments conducted with his girlfriend Betty to replicate the supersoldier serum used on Steve Rogers during World War II.
## Hulk
The Hulk is Bruce's alter ego with which he tries to live with following the exposure to the gamma rays.<br/>
He is a green humanoid with extreme physical strength which, at least in the comics, is proportional to his rage. Therefore, the more the Jade Giant (a name given by the color) gets angry, the more his strength increases.<br/>
In the first issues of the series in which he appears, the giant is gray in color and his transformations are due to the time of day: Bruce turns into the Hulk at night and becomes human again in the morning. After a few issues, the House of Ideas decides to color the Hulk green and to make his transformations related to rage, creating the well-known version of the character.
## Smart-Hulk
Bruce and the Hulk are seemingly two separate people joined together, however, in a kind of coexistence: when the Hulk takes over Banner, he makes him unaware of the actions conducted by him.<br/>
Nevertheless, there is a particular version of the character: the Smart Hulk, that is the perfect symbiosis of the giant's brute strength and Dr. Banner's intelligence. In this case the two alter egos seem to coexist peacefully without hindering each other and especially without one personality taking over the other.<br/>
## Hulk in the MCU
The Hulk, more than other Marvel characters, has had various film adaptations over the years. Among these certainly the longest-lived is that of the MCU, where the Jade Giant first appears on the one and only movie completely dedicated to the hero: The Incredible Hulk.<br/>
After his first film, even receiving no other works completely dedicated to him, the character appears in other films and series, such as The Avengers or Thor: Ragnarök. In the latter he is co-starring alongside Thor along with Loki and Valkyrie. Of course, the roles in these
films are secondary, but nevertheless the character has continued to evolve and change, until in Avengers: Endgame he manages to ombine his two natures in Smart Hulk, so that can deploy both the brains of Bruce and the brawn of the Hulk.