---
lang-switch: /it/fase-1
---
<p>Welcome to all readers.<br/>
This post is the first of a several in which we will try to recap the plot of the various MCU films in a few lines in order to bring people who are new to the saga closer and to allow a review for anyone who is already familiar with the movies. In this post we will start with phase 1 and in the following we will continue on with the other phases.<br/>
Have fun reading.</p>
<h2>Iron Man (2008)</h2>
<p>Multibillionaire Tony Stark, kidnapped in the Middle East by the Ten Rings criminal organization, finds himself forced to build armor to escape. Later, having escaped another assassination attempt thanks to a new suit of armor, he decides to call himself Iron Man.</p>
<h2>The Incredible Hulk (2008)</h2>
<p>Scientist Bruce Banner, trying to create a supersoldier serum using gamma rays, ends up irradiated by them and becomes the Hulk, a green giant with super-strength.That sparks Banner's escape from the U.S. government due to being unable to control his transformations.</p>
<h2>Iron man 2 (2010)</h2>
<p>Iron man, now famous, is grappling with a person who wants revenge against the hero. Aiding him this time will be Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes and secret agent Natasha Romanoff, aka Black Widow.</p>
<h2>Thor (2011)</h2>
<p>The god of thunder and prince of Asgard Thor is exiled to Earth by his father, Odin. Here he will meet a girl who will help him regain his hammer, Mjöllnir, and face a threat caused by his adopted brother, Loki.</p>
<h2>Captain America - The First Avenger (2011)</h2>
<p>During World War II, young Steve Rogers joins a project to create a super soldier. Taking on the supersoldier serum and the name Captain America, he will lead the army against H.Y.D.R.A., an organization wanting to take control of the world through an alien artifact, the Tesseract. During the war, however, Steve will lose something very dear to him.</p>
<h2>Avengers (2012)</h2>
<p>A group of heroes, led by S.H.I.E.L.D. chief Nick Fury unites to avert an impending invasion by aliens. Having resolved internal disagreements and achieved victory, the group embraces the name Avengers.</p>