---
lang-switch: /it/iron-man
---
## The Inception
Designed by Stan Lee as an "entrepreneurial superhero", Tony Stark made his debut in the comic book world in 1963 in the thirty-ninth issue of "Tales of Suspense," becoming Iron Man. From then on, the character would become the protagonist of many Marvel publications, some titled after his name, earning a place within various groups of the publishing house, including the Avengers.<br/>
Despite everything, the character won't reach the same popularity as other characters until 2008, with the release of the movie "Iron Man" making this character, played by Robert Downey Jr., an icon of the Marvel Universe by broadcasting him to the general public, and not only to the comic books fan's niche.
## The character
Gifted with incredible intelligence and a peculiar personality that leads him to clash with others, Tony Stark is very egotistical, confident, and arrogant. Despite this, he is brave and won't hesitate to help and save others, even at the cost of his own life and by unconventional means.
## The armor
In contrast to many superheroes with superpowers, Tony Stark solely relies on his own wits and wealth.<br/>
Owner of Stark Industries, he makes use in, and not only, combat of an armor built by himself thanks to his own company's tech.<br/>
The suit, originally gray, later to evolve in the classic yellow and red colors, is equipped with various functions, including the ability to fly or fire lasers. It also has integrated within it artificial intelligence, initially dubbed J.A.R.V.I.S., named after Stark's butler in the comics, and later replaced by F.R.I.D.A.Y., which can communicate with
the suit's user and performs various analyses inside and outside the armor.