---
lang-switch: /it/fase-2
---
## Iron Man 3 (2013)
After saving the world in the Battle of New York against the Chitauri, Tony Stark is faced with mental disorders caused by the invasion and at the same time must fight a new enemy that threatens his life and the United States: the Mandarin.
## Thor: The dark world (2013)
Jane Foster, Thor's fiancée, coming into contact with a supernatural substance, the Aether, awakens a race of dark elves determined to take over the world. It will be up to Thor to stop this new threat, who, after the loss of a loved one, will get help from the last person he would ever have asked for it: Loki.
## Captain America: the Winter soldier (2014)
H.Y.D.R.A., which survived after the death of Red Skull, has infiltrated S.H.I.E.L.D. and threatens to bring it down. It is up to Captain America, aided by Black Widow and his new ally Sam Wilson, aka Falcon, to prevent this from happening.<br/>
During this quest Steve meets an old friend of his now part of Hydra under the name Winter Soldier.
## Guardians of the Galaxy (2014)
Little Peter Quill is abducted in 1988 by a band of aliens called Ravagers, who make him into one of their own.<br/> 
As he becomes an adult, in an attempt to steal a treasure, the Orb, he finds himself facing a threat that could threaten the entire galaxy.  He will be assisted in this undertaking by some allies: the aliens Gamora and Drax, the talking raccoon Rocket and the tree Groot.
## Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015)
After recovering the scepter used by Loki in his attempt to conquer Earth and clashing with the twins Wanda and Pietro Maximoff in Sokovia, the Avengers return to New York where Tony Stark and Bruce Banner decide to create an artificial intelligence that can protect the planet from alien threats.<br/>
The experiment, however, leads to the creation of a robot whose purpose is to extinguish humanity instead. Now it is up to the Avengers to stop what they themselves have created.
## Ant-Man (2015)
Scott Lang, newly released from prison, is involved in a robbery at the house of a scientist, Hank Pym. During the heist he finds a suit that allows him to shrink, which leads him, with the help of Hank and his daughter Hope van Dyne, to try to stop the Yellowjacket, a man in a suit similar to the one Scott used.