---
lang-switch: /it/fase-3
---
## Captain America: Civil War (2016)
As a result of a mistake by the Avengers, the UN decides to enter into the Sokovia Accords to control superhumans. Steve Rogers, disagreeing with this imposition, rebels along with a subset of the Avengers and finds himself up against Tony Stark, a supporter of the accords. Further complicating things are the return of Winter Soldier and the arrival of Baron Zemo, who wants to exploit the dispute to destroy the Avengers.
# #Doctor Strange (2016)
Surgeon Stephen Strange loses the use of his hands in a car accident. Finding no help in medicine, he arrives in Kamar-taj where, under the guidance of the Ancient One, he becomes a sorcerer and finds himself countering a threat of an interdimensional nature.
## Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017)
After a mission, the Guardians of the Galaxy land on a planet. The latter turns out to be a Celestial named Ego as well as Peter Quill's father. Ego, however, will turn out to have no good intentions and it will be up to the Guardians, with Yondu's help, to rescue Star-Lord.
## Spider-Man Homecoming (2017)
After participating in the dispute between the two factions of the Avengers, Peter Parker returns to New York and resumes his studies. He will also have to, as Spider-Man, face Vulture and come to terms with the responsibilities of being a hero.
## Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
After escaping from Surtur, a being who wants to destroy Asgard, Thor returns home and, having obtained Loki's help, sets out to find his missing father. The two will discover of the existence of a sister, Hela, the goddess of death, who wants to take over Asgard. The journey to try to stop her will take the two brothers traveling through space and finding both old and new allies.
## Black Panther (2018)
T'Challa, king of Wakanda, must protect his kingdom from Erik Stevens, his cousin who seeks, for revenge, to steal his throne and the role of Black Panther, protector of Wakanda.
## Avengers: Infinity War (2018)
The Avengers must face Thanos, an alien who seeks to obtain the Infinity Gems, objects of extraordinary power, to destroy half of all life in the universe. Unfortunately, their battle will not go as hoped in many ways.
## Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018)
While trying to rescue Janet, Hope's mother, who is trapped in the quantum realm, Scott finds himself facing Ava Starr, a girl whose powers are much like those of a ghost. He will be aided on this occasion by Hope who, having received Janet's old costume from her father, assumes the identity of Wasp alongside Ant-Man.
## Captain Marvel (2019)
In 1995, Vers, a Kree warrior, tries to protect Earth from the Skrulls, shape-shifting aliens. Together with Fury, she investigates her own past of which she has no recollection and the true nature of the Kree-Skrull conflict.
## Avengers: Endgame (2019)
Five years after the events that led Thanos to destroy half the population of the universe, the Avengers seek to recover the infinity gems by traveling into the past and undo Titan's actions. They will find themselves, however, against a version of the Titan who wants to do something worse this time: destroy the entire universe. 
## Spider-Man: Far from Home (2019)
Peter Parker, on a school field trip to Venice, comes to terms with the death of his mentor while simultaneously facing a new threat to the planet that leads to the revelation of his secret identity as Spider-Man.