---
lang-switch: /it/fase-4
---
## Black Widow (2021) 
Following the Sokovia Accords, Natasha Romanoff, also known as Black Widow, is forced to flee from the authorities. Contacted by her sister Yelena Belova, she finds herself forced to confront her past, aided by those she once regarded as her family.
## Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021)
Shang Chi is an Asian boy who, after running away from his past for 15 years, is tracked down by his father and his organization, The Ten Rings, whose goal is to open the doors to another dimension in order to bring Shang Chi's mother back to life. The boy, aware of the danger this might cause, will try to stop his father, helped by his sister Xialing and friend Katy.
## Eternals (2021)
Following the battle with Thanos and the return of the missing half of the universe, Earth is to be targeted by an ancient threat that will force the Eternals, interplanetary beings, to come out of the dark to confront humanity's oldest enemies: the Deviants.
## Spider-Man: No Way Home (2021) 
After being unmasked to the entire world, Peter will seek help in the hands of Doctor Strange, but not everything will go according to plan, and Peter in turn will be forced to understand what it means to be Spider-Man by righting his own wrongs.
## Doctor strange in the Multiverse of Madness. (2022)
To protect a girl who has arrived from another universe, Doctor strange will ask his friend Wong, new sorcerer supreme, and Wanda Maximoff for help, but he will face an unexpected threat that will endanger humanity.
## Thor: Love and Thunder (2022)
Thor, struggling with the search for inner peace will face a new enemy: Gorr the god butcher. He will join forces with Valkyrie, Korg and his ex-girlfriend Jane Foster, now wielding a rebuilt Mjonnir. Together, they will try to understand the motives behind Gorr's rage to stop him before it is too late.
## Black Panther: Wakanda Forever (2022)
Following the death of King T'Challa, Wakanda finds itself defenseless against other nations who want to seize the vibranium. Adding to the situation is Namor, ruler of an underwater nation that wants to destroy the surface world. Therefore, Shuri, having lost everything, decides to recreate the heart-shaped herb and become the new Black Panther.
